docs/Introduction/What is Reedroux.mdx, before:

---
id: landing
title: What is Reedroux's?
sidebar_label: What is Reedroux ?
slug: /
---

### If you have no idea what you're doing here, then this article may be able to help you!

---

Reedroux  is a Discord bot for your community. We try to bridge the gap between multiple categories to bring you the best experience in music and more.

# But Why Reedroux ?

- ### ✨ **Reedroux  is constantly being updated**

  [Reedroux](https://reedroux.biz/) offers so many [features](/features) that we had to make another website just to show you them all! All of which improve your server and make a more engaging and immersive community.

- ### 👋 **Dedicated support community**
  We are a relatively new bot to Discord so we wanted to make a big splash! Ensuring that the community has everything that it needs is of paramount importance to us. If you **ever** have any questions, drop us a line in our [Discord server](https://reedroux.biz/support).

# What are you waiting for?

## [Just invite it, what have you got to lose? 😉](https://reedroux.biz/invite)

Commit message:

Update What is Reedroux.mdx

docs/Introduction/What is Reedroux.mdx, after:

---
id: landing
title: Getting Started - Reedroux
slug: /
---

### Welcome to Reedroux Docs, home to everything you want to know about Reedroux. You will be able to find out almost everything about Reedroux here.


---

Reedroux  is a Discord bot for your community. We try to bridge the gap between multiple categories to bring you the best experience in music and more.

# But Why Reedroux ?

- ### ✨ **Reedroux  is constantly being updated**

  [Reedroux](https://reedroux.biz/) offers so many [features](/features) that we had to make another website just to show you them all! All of which improve your server and make a more engaging and immersive community.

- ### 👋 **Dedicated support community**
  We are a relatively new bot to Discord so we wanted to make a big splash! Ensuring that the community has everything that it needs is of paramount importance to us. If you **ever** have any questions, drop us a line in our [Discord server](https://reedroux.biz/support).

# What are you waiting for?

## [Just invite it, what have you got to lose? 😉](https://reedroux.biz/invite)
